# Meeting 2020-01-25

**Date:** 2020-01-25  13:00  
**Participants:** Axel, Oliver, Emma, Magnus and Jan  
**Responsible for the meeting:** Emma and Axel

## Done since last meeting: 
* We have created stories for Sprint 1  
* We have started with sprint 1: 
  * Completed task 1.1 and decided on the following:  
    **Languages:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript  
    **Development tools:** GitHub, Visual Studio Code (or own preference)  
    **Possible hosting** (in case if needed): GitHub Pages, LUDD or own hosting on Raspberry Pi Server
  * Started on task 1.2 and 2.1:  
    Started developing a class diagram and a implementation document to plan out the implementation and simultaneously discuss our understanding of the SysML v2 documentation. 
    
## Discussion during the meeting:  
We explain what we have done since the last meaning which is task 1.1 and started with 1.2 and 2.1. 
We showcases Jan our kanban board on GitHub on our current tasks.  

We show Jan our class diagram we have developed for task 1.2. We explain that this part will probably be the most difficult part to actually do for sprint 1. 
We explain the difficulties with using the provided documentation for SysML v2 both in terms of the provided “Implementation” powerpoint which doesn’t really explain SysML v2 to well and the actual SysML v2 documents which explains the implementation to complex.  

We explain our class diagram and the use of a generic class that should cover most of the objects in SysML v2. Jan seems to like the idea.  

We asked Jan about more sources of SysML v2. Jan is unfortunately not aware of any other sources than the once we already have.  

Jan asks how we feel about the project. We explain that it is a bit overwhelming overall but that the things we actually understand we think we have a good grasp of. 
We explain that the planning of using a class diagram really helps in the process of understanding SysML v2 more. 
We explain that besides the class diagram we keep notes on the side of the class diagram.  

We ask Jan about if he could answer some SysML v2 questions. Jan suggests we ask SysML v2 questions to Øystein.  

We ask Jan if we should try to only implement things we have a good understanding of and to put aside things we do not fully grasp or if we should still implement things we are uncertain of. 
Jan thinks we should still implement things we are uncertain about since because we are planning ahead it should be quite flexible to redo certain kinds of things.  

Jan explains that he is VERY happy about our current work!  


## For the next meeting:

Continue working according to the current tasks from the sprint plan. [See kanban board](https://github.com/olihgb-7/D0020E/projects/4).

**Date for next meeting:** 2021-02-01 13:00
