# Meeting 2021-03-08

**Date:** 2021-03-08 10:00  
**Participants:**  Oliver, Axel, Emma, Magnus, Jan   
**Responsible for the meeting:** Axel, Emma  

## Done since last meeting: 
We have continued our work with the SysML Web Viewer.  
We have made it possible to upload a SysML file that is parsed and then drawn in the Web browser.

## Discussion during the meeting:
We showcase our current work on the SysML web viewer.  
We showcase the current functions of the application.  
We explain that we have tried to work on the placement of objects when drawing them out on the canvas.   
We explain that we should have taken more time to explore the graphics library to understand it better.   
We showcased our new implementation of the parse handler to recursively create objects.  
We talk about what we have learned during the project and reflect on what we have accomplished.  
We talk about how we would have liked to plan for parts that we would have actually worked on in the coding.  
Overall we are happy with how the project has turned out.  
Jan explains that he is happy with our work.   
We explain that our future work should be to focus on the upcoming seminar, write the report and to document the project. 
We don’t think that we will continue coding anymore in this project at this point since we are near the end.  
Jan askes to make a video of documentation for the project.   

## For the next meeting:
Document the project.  
Upload stuff to the GitHub repository.  
Make a documentation video.   

**Date for next meeting:** 2021-03-15 10:00
