# Meeting 2021-03-01

**Date:** 2021-03-01 10:00  
**Participants:** Oliver, Magnus, Axel, Emma  
**Responsible for the meeting:** Oliver, Magnus 

## Done since last meeting: 
Looked into the graphical implementation, trying to move it into a separate JS file and figuring out how to import it to other files. 
Started connecting the parser to the object definitions

## Discussion during the meeting:
We show the progress for the parsehandler to Jan. Jan makes us think about how many levels of parts we should display at once without losing readability.   
We explain what we did last week and what we are doing next week regarding the mxGraph library.

## For the next meeting:
We need to discuss how we will handle layers and nesting.   
Keep working on the graphical, try to create functions to be used by other classes. 
Keep working on the parse handler.

**Date for next meeting:** 2021-03-08 10:00 
