# Meeting 2020-01-15

**Date:** 2020-01-15  14:00  
**Participants:** Axel, Oliver, Emma, Magnus and Jan  
**Responsible for the meeting:** Oliver and Magnus


## Done since last meeting: 
* Winter break
* Read through the introduction document for SysML v2 on the goole drive
* Create some stories that can be considered for Sprint 1

## Discussion during the meeting:

We go through what we came up with regarding the stories to implement during Sprint 1 and what we have done since the last meeting, which was to read about SysML v2 and research parsing options a bit. 

Jan thinks it's a good idea to start with the story about a basic parser. He wants to see how we will handle the object definitions and the output from the parser. 
Jan agrees that the rendering algorithms should be part of sprint 2 rather than sprint 1. 
We have an OK from Jan regarding our plan for sprint 1. We will probably only have time for the first 3 stories which are to develop a plan for implementation, create object definitions for the SysML v2 object and to create a basic parser. We agree on using the languages html5, css and javascript for our frontend. 

Jan had previously asked about our decision to develop a web page rather than a browser addon, our decision was made due to the fact that developing a web page would require less consideration for the browser used than if it were an addon.

About the report:
Jan wants a copy of the report template to see about the requirements we had to follow. 
We did not have a clear red line through our report. We should probably try to plan the sections more ahead of starting to write. 


## For the next meeting:

* Create stories for Sprint 1
* Start Sprint 1


**Date for next meeting:** TBD
