# Meeting 2021-03-15 10:00:

**Date:** 2021-03-15  
**Participants:** Oliver, Axel, Emma, Magnus, Jan  
**Responsible for the meeting:** Oliver, Magnus  

## Done since last meeting:  
Presented our project at the final seminar  
Worked on documentation and final report  

## Notes from meeting:  
We show the readme file with documentation in the github. We will close our branches on github to clean up loose ends. We complain a bit about the format of the report not fitting our project as certain word count restrictions are too strict making our report clumsy and forcing us to repeat the information. Jan likes our class diagram. Jan will get the video explaining how to run it from our presentation at the final seminar.  



**Date for next meeting:** Never :(
